---
title: "Opening Image (0-1%)"
pages: 0-500
summary: A visual that represents the struggle & tone of the story. A snapshot of the main character’s problem, before the adventure begins.
act: 1
weight: 1
---

Opens with main character peeking behind stage curtain; watches as another actor begins walking towards her and moves out on the screen. The lights are bright, but she can see a normal attendee sitting out in the crowd, a small red light in his hand. She smiles, knowing he has been in this scene before and wonders how it will go differently. She recalls before when he had not known the outcome and chose to use the shot from the medkit on the alien visitor, killing him. She knows he will not ask her for her advice. It only seems that women ask her opinion, men always tried to figure it out on their own. When he [!flip] does end up killing the alien visitor once again, she is 'transported' off the scene for them to try again in the next space adventure.

As she bows with the rest of the actors, she considers the change from the recent years until this year--2077, and how people now value being part of real plays, not just watching them. How her sister and her had always enjoyed being part of them herself--probably contributing to her sister's work in space.

When she returns to her dressing room, she expects to see the normal message of congrats from her sister on her device\*; but instead she sees a message from her estranged father to call her.

\* The device is like a watch, but instead is a thin computer that lays on top of the back of her hand.